This is a complete extraction and organization of the content from Boss Cargo Express (https://www.bosscargo.express/). The information is divided into logical modules for use in your new website development.

1. Navigation & Menu Structure
Home

About Us

Why Us (Mission, Vision, Values, Culture)

History

Services

Partnerships

Careers

2. Hero & Branding (Home Section)
Slogan: Logistics Driven by People. Core Message: At Boss Cargo Express, we believe that taking care of our people is the key to delivering exceptional logistics. By empowering our team and building partnerships that inspire growth, we ensure your business is supported by a community that truly cares about your success. Success is a moving target. To stay ahead, we're always thinking, sharing and debating.

The Boss Cargo Philosophy: The heart of Boss Cargo Express is our people. We believe that a supported, empowered team is the foundation of a resilient logistics industry. By prioritizing the well-being and growth of our staff, we deliver the flexible, personalized, and efficient cargo solutions that keep your business competitive and financially sound. When we take care of our people, they take better care of you.

3. About Us & Company History
Embark on a sustainable and transformative journey with us: Founded in 2014, Boss Cargo Express started its roots in Puerto Princesa City, Palawan. Since then, the company has grown and delivered the best cargo solutions to various clients across a wide range of industries across the Philippine archipelago. Our team consists of skilled professionals with years of solid experience in handling ground freight, sea freight, and air freight.

Boss Cargo Express (BCE) recognizes the potential changes in the macroenvironment of the wider transportation and storage sector. Thus, the BCE management continuously prepares the firm amidst the industry and customer trends that will have a direct impact on its overall business operations. Coming up with corporate directives and initiatives that add value to existing and potential clients, strengthening the organization's functional areas, and making the corporation highly competitive are top priorities.

At BCE, we constantly and keenly listen to companies' overwhelming advocacy for the adoption of technology within supply chains, infrastructural developments, economic growth, booming markets, and other pertinent factors. Our key strategies for expansion, customer satisfaction, fiscal standing, and enterprise sustainability are geared towards extending our product scope, expanding our geographical locations, and serving a wider market segment. Through effective resource management, sound financial planning, and sales prospecting, we're able to attain our objectives and surmount the unforeseen business challenges.

4. Mission, Vision, and Values
Our Mission: Our mission is to grow and empower businesses across the Philippines by providing a customized logistics solutions and seek to develop a highly sustainable business by using state-of-the-art technology and creating unprecedented value and opportunity for our customers and employees while embracing the frame of CANI (Constant And Never Ending Improvement).

Our Dream (Vision): To be the country's preeminent and technologically driven logistics company.

Our Brand Values: Creating a strong and positive perception of one's company to their customer's mind.

Transparent Communication: (Focus on openness and clarity)

Business Sustainability: (Commitment to long-term impact)

Continuous Learning: (Embracing growth and education)

Cohesive Teamwork: (Working as one unit)

5. Corporate Culture
Our Culture: It's who we are. It's what we're about. Honestly, it's hard to describe culture. It's just something you feel. But what we can say is that we're clear on what we want. We work as one, towards one common goal: growth for our clients. We're the ones you want to roll up your sleeves with, to deliver your cargo from point A to point B, to not just work for your team, but to become an extension of it.

6. Services Portfolio
The Boss Cargo Express Services in Focus: What is the need that the transport and storage sector satisfy? What is the need that Boss Cargo Express (BCE) satisfies? Being part of the entire value chain, we play a crucial role in adding value to the customers. It's more than just merely shipping cargoes via land, air, and sea. It is deeper than delivering parcels via trucks or motorcycles to different parts of the country. There's a greater meaning than crafting a supply chain management software or warehousing tons of products.

Logistics encompass far more than planes, trains and automobiles. They are more than having a dedicated, do-whatever-it-takes team member to make things happen in a pinch. Logistics are a part of everyday routine... At BCE, we promise to deliver these and more.

Core Services List:
International Freight Forwarding

Air Freight

Sea Freight: Full Cargo Load (FCL) & Loose Cargo Load (LCL)

Brokerage

Import and Export Customs Clearance

International Trade & Tariff Classification

Licenses and Permits

PEZA Facilitation

Warehousing and Distribution

Trucking Services

Domestic Services

Air Freight

Land Freight

Sea Freight: Full Cargo Load (FCL) & Loose Cargo Load (LCL)

Roll-on/Roll-off (RORO)

Other Value-Added Services

Packing

Crating

Permits (live animals and frozen meats)

7. Service Network & Locations
Ever growing networks to serve you:

North Luzon: Abra, Aparri, Baguio, Ilocos Sur, Ilocos Norte, Cauayan, Isabela, La Union, Solano NV, Tuguegarao, Vigan.

Central Luzon: Bataan, Bulacan, Zambales, Nueva Ecija, Olongapo, Pampanga, Pangasinan, Santiago, Tarlac, Aurora.

South Luzon: Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur, Legaspi, Lucena, Masbate, Naga, Palawan, Quezon Province, San Jose (Occidental Mindoro), Calapan (Oriental Mindoro).

Metro Manila: Parañaque Hub, Taytay Hub, Las Piñas.

Visayas: Bacolod, Cebu, Dumaguete, Iloilo, Kalibo, Tacloban, Tagbilaran, Roxas.

Mindanao: Butuan, Cagayan de Oro, Cotabato, Davao, Dipolog, General Santos, Ozamis, Surigao, Zamboanga, Pagadian.

8. Strategic Partnerships & Industries
Strategic Partnerships: Logistics is a critical component of firms' value chain. However, not all organizations have the capacity to perform the movement and storage of goods within the supply chain. Outsource these capabilities to us. We're experts in these fields.

Industries that we serve:

Business Process Outsourcing

Fast-moving Consumer Goods

Engineering Services

Food Services

Financial Services

Retail

Memberships & Accreditations:

Supply Chain Management Association of the Philippines (SCMAP)

Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA)

JCtrans Network-International Freight Forwarders Network (Premium Member)

9. Boss Cargo University
Our aspiration to continually empower and educate our employees has led us to establish the Boss Cargo University. Its primary mission is to provide the highest freight and logistic education to our employees continuously mastering our craft. All classes in the freight and logistics management certificate program are taught by Boss Cargo University faculty members who have a combination of academic and professional expertise. The program is designed for existing and onboarding employees to understand Boss Cargo's Brand DNA, culture, and equip them with the right skills for smart and sustainable operations.

10. Partnership & Investment Opportunities
Join Us: We take pride in growing the business together with firms by being dependable, cost-effective, and on-time in Domestic, International Forwarding, and Brokerage settings. We are no ordinary entity. Our business is built on and guided by our brand values. Partner with a brand that will revolutionize the industry.

For Investment or Partnership Opportunities: Contact us to learn more. For Job and Intern Inquiries: please write to people@bosscargo.express

11. Contact Information
Headquarters Address: Unit B, Block 3 Lot 6, Angelina Canaynay Ave. BF Martinville Subdivision, Barangay Manuyo Dos, Las Piñas 1744, Metro Manila, Philippines

Phone Numbers:

Marketing: (02) 8643 5469

Customer Service: (02) 8881 1948

Finance: (02) 8887 2369

General Hotline: (02) 8805 2402

Globe: (+63) 917 622 0068

Smart/Sun: (+63) 925 770 0370

Email Addresses:

General: info@bosscargo.express

Careers: people@bosscargo.express

Social Media:

Facebook

LinkedIn

12. Footer / Metadata
© Copyright 2025 Boss Cargo Express Freight Services Inc. All Rights Reserved.